TD Canada Trust
Account Information Sheet 
How to Set up Direct Deposits, Pre-Authorized Debits, 
Wire Payments and Interac e-Transfer®
Direct to Account Transfers
                                                                                                                              Customer Name
 
1 523218 (1025) Transit No.
47361Inst. No.
004*Designation No.
0093Account No.
7308958
*Note: Not all accounts have a designation number. If your account has a designation number, it will appear above. Designation numbers are not 
required for direct deposits.
Incoming Wire Payments
Bank Name: TD Canada Trust SWIFT BIC Code: TDOMCATTTOR
Branch Address:  2065 RUE SAINT-LOUIS, SAINT-LAURENT, PQ H4M1P1, CAN 
Customer Account Number:  47367308958 
Note: Your Customer Account Number for wires is composed of the first 4 digits of your 5-digit Transit Number, followed by your 7-digit  
Account Number. 
Customer Address:  
Provide this information to the party who is sending the wire payment to your TD Canada Trust account. These instructions may be used for  
any currency which TD is able to receive. To find out more about our foreign currency service offerings please visit  
www.tdcanadatrust.com .
There may be a fee to receive a wire payment to your TD Canada Trust account. For more information, please refer to your account  
agreement and applicable fee disclosure. 
Printing Cheques: You can order cheques through TD by logging into EasyWeb, calling EasyLine, or visiting the TD branch that's closest 
to you. Alternatively, if you are printing your cheques from an accredited third-party vendor, please be sure to include the institution, 
transit, account, and designation number (if applicable).
Direct Deposit: Direct Deposit is the most convenient way to receive recurring deposits (i.e., pay, pension, government payments, etc.) 
with immediate access to funds.
To set up a Direct Deposit with:
•The federal government: Visit www.directdeposit.gc.ca for a Government of Canada Direct Deposit enrolment form and use your 
account information from the fields above to complete the form. If you do not have a cheque to void, have your local TD Canada 
Trust branch stamp the government enrolment form.
•Your employer: Provide your account information from the fields above to the payroll department of your employer or company 
pension provider.
Pre-Authorized Debit (PAD): A Pre-Authorized Debit (PAD) is an automatic withdrawal taken directly from your TD Canada Trust 
account by a company or financial institution that you have authorized.
To set up a PAD: Call or visit the website of the company you wish to set up a PAD with to obtain their PAD Agreement. Follow the 
instructions provided using your account information from the fields above when completing the PAD Agreement.
Note: If your billing company accepts Visa Debit in Canada (or Visa internationally) and you have the enhanced TD Access Card, setting 
up a PAD will be easier than ever! Simply provide them with the card's 16 digit number in place of the account information noted above.
Reminder: If you are setting up a Direct Deposit or Pre-Authorized Debit to a Tax-Free Savings Account other conditions apply. Only the 
TFSA Holder may make contributions to the account. It is the responsibility of the TFSA Holder to ensure that no contribution exceeds the 
maximum permitted under applicable tax legislations. Penalty taxes may apply on over-contributions. For further details, please contact the 
Canada Revenue Agency.
Interac e-Transfer - Direct to Account transfers: Many businesses that use Interac e-Transfer are able to send transfers using the 
recipient's account number information as an alternative to using the recipient's email address or mobile phone number. If the business 
sending you money uses this feature, you can provide the business with your Transit No., Inst. No., and Account No. from the fields above 
to receive payment directly to your TD Canada Trust account.
Interac e-Transfer is a registered Trademark of Interac Corp. Used under license. 
*Trademark of Visa International Service Association and used under license.